When you start the activities, they will follow the same order as this lesson.
First, you do a warm-up: Practise selecting a word by double-clicking or dragging.
Staff can use a large sample word.
Then you answer quick checks, so we know the key words make sense.
Next, you practise the real computer skill: Select one word, copy it with Ctrl + C, click lower on the page and paste with Ctrl + V.
You may also type a short answer, for example: Type the shortcut letter for paste.
At the end, you finish with a stretch or reflection: You copies a name, pastes it twice, then undoes one paste.
Staff only prompts when needed.
Take one activity at a time.
If you need help, ask staff, then try the next step yourself.